doc/design: Explain swap without using scratch algorithm (#1220)
mcu-tools/mcuboot: docs/design.md

manufacturer's specified number of erase cycles. In general, using a ratio that
allows hundreds to thousands of field upgrades in production is recommended.

## [swap without using scratch](#image-swap-no-scratch)

> This algorithm is alternatively to the swap using scratch algorithm. It uses

Reviewer: "... is **an alternative**..."

> additional sector in the primary slot to make swap possible. Algorithm works

Reviewer: "**an** additional sector..."

> as fallow:

Reviewer: typo: "fallow -> follows"

>   1.	Move all swap of the primary image up by one swap.  

Reviewer: "Move all **sectors** of the primary **slot** up by one **sector**"

>     Beginning form N=0:

Reviewer: type: form -> from

  2.	copy Nth sector from secondary slot to Nth sector of primary slot
  3.	copy (N+1)th sector from primary slot to the Nth secondary slot

>   4.	repeat steps 2. and 3. unless entire images are copied

Reviewer: suggestion: "repeat steps 2. and 3. until the entire slots' sectors are swapped"

> This algorithm is designed in such way that primary slot should be exact one

Reviewer: The algorithm allows both slots to be have the same size as well as allowing a primary slot with secondary+1 sectors, so this sentence is not entirely correct.

Author: ^^ right, have to rephrase -my intention was emphasize what is most efective

manufacturer's specified number of erase cycles. In general, using a ratio that
allows hundreds to thousands of field upgrades in production is recommended.

> ### [swap without using scratch](#image-swap-no-scratch)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### [Swap without using scratch](#image-swap-no-scratch)
```

> This algorithm is an alternative to the swap using scratch algorithm. It uses

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This algorithm is an alternative to the swap using the scratch algorithm. It uses
```

> an additional sector in the primary slot to make swap possible. Algorithm works

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
an additional sector in the primary slot to make swap possible. The algorithm works
```

> as follow:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
as follows:
```

>   1.	Move all sectors of the primary slot up by one sector.
>     Beginning from N=0:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  1.	Move all sectors of the primary slot up by one sector, starting from N=0.
```

>   2.	Copy Nth sector from secondary slot to Nth sector of primary slot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  2.	Copy the N-th sector from the secondary slot to N-th sector of the primary slot.
```

  3.	Copy (N+1)th sector from primary slot to the Nth secondary slot.
  4.	Repeat steps 2. and 3. until entire slots' sectors are swapped.

> This algorithm is designed in such way that the higher sector of primary slot is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This algorithm is designed so that the higher sector of the primary slot is
```

used only for allowing sectors to move up. Therefore the most memory-size

> effective slot layout is when the primary slot is exactly one sector bigger

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
effective slot layout is when the primary slot is exactly one sector larger
```

> than the secondary slot, although same size slots are allowed as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
than the secondary slot, although same-sized slots are allowed as well.
```

> The algorithm is limited to support sectors of same

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The algorithm is limited to support sectors of the same
```

> sector layout. All slot's sectors should be on the same size.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
sector layout. All slot's sectors should be of the same size.
```

Unless I misunderstood something here(?).

When using this algorithm the maximum image size available for the application
will be:
maximum-image-size = (N-1) * slot-sector-size - image-trailer-size

> Where N is number of sectors in the primary slot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Where N is the number of sectors in the primary slot.
```

> The algorithm does 2 erase cycle on the primary slot and 1 on the secondary slot

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The algorithm does two erase cycles on the primary slot and one on the secondary slot
```

> during each swap. Assuming that receiving new image by the DFU application

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
during each swap. Assuming that receiving a new image by the DFU application
```

> requires 1 erase cycle on the secondary slot - this gives even flash wear

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
requires 1 erase cycle on the secondary slot, this should result in leveling the flash wear
```

> leveling for slots.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
between the slots.
```

> The algorithm is enabled using (`MCUBOOT_SWAP_USING_MOVE`) option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The algorithm is enabled using the `MCUBOOT_SWAP_USING_MOVE` option.
```

manufacturer's specified number of erase cycles. In general, using a ratio that
allows hundreds to thousands of field upgrades in production is recommended.

### [Swap without using scratch](#image-swap-no-scratch)

> This algorithm is an alternative to the swap using the scratch algorithm.

Reviewer: I think it should be written `... to the swap using scratch algorithm.` (no **the**), not sure @FrancescoSer should know.

Reviewer 2: You are actually right in pointing this out, but to avoid any misreading then it should be 
```suggestion
This algorithm is an alternative to the swap-using-scratch algorithm.
```

It uses an additional sector in the primary slot to make swap possible.
The algorithm works as follows:

>   1.	Move all sectors of the primary slot up by one sector.  
>     Beginning from N=0:  
>   2.	Copy the N-th sector from the secondary slot to the N-th sector of the
>   primary slot.
>   3.	Copy the (N+1)-th sector from the primary slot to the N-th sector of the
>   secondary slot.
>   4.	Repeat steps 2. and 3. until al the slots' sectors are swapped.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  1.	Moves all sectors of the primary slot up by one sector.  
    Beginning from N=0:  
  2.	Copies the N-th sector from the secondary slot to the N-th sector of the
  primary slot.
  3.	Copies the (N+1)-th sector from the primary slot to the N-th sector of the
  secondary slot.
  4.	Repeats steps 2. and 3. until all the slots' sectors are swapped.
```

Small tweak

This algorithm is designed so that the higher sector of the primary slot is

> used only for allowing sectors to move up. Therefore the most memory-size
> effective slot layout is when the primary slot is exactly one sector larger

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
used only for allowing sectors to move up. Therefore the most memory-size-effective
slot layout is when the primary slot is exactly one sector larger
```

larger than the secondary slot, although same-sized slots are allowed as well.
The algorithm is limited to support sectors of the same
sector layout. All slot's sectors should be of the same size.

When using this algorithm the maximum image size available for the application
will be:  

> maximum-image-size = (N-1) * slot-sector-size - image-trailer-size

Reviewer: It's important to note that the subtraction is not by the `image-trailer-size` itself, but to a sector alignment that fits it, so it would most probably be 4K in 4K sector devices, but if the slot is really large it could be 8K (two sectors) or more; and only the other N-2 (or N-x) sectors would be moved up and swapped. This is in contrast with swap using scratch where the image can almost touch the trailer in bytes.

        0x8079b62c,
    };
```
---
***Note***

> Be Aware that the image trailers makes a ending area of image slot unavailable
> for cary the image data. Especially the swap status might be pretty huge,
> For 128 slot's sector with 4-byte alignment it become 1536 B.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Be aware that the image trailers make the ending area of the image slot unavailable
for carrying the image data. In particular, the swap status size could be huge.
For example, for 128 slot sectors with a 4-byte alignment, it would become 1536 B.
```
Please check if I haven't misunderstood the last sentence, as I'm not sure about "128 slot's sector"
